# Meeting 3

## Opening
> Check if everyone is present:
- ~~Nivard Jansen~~
- ~~Kristin Peneva~~
- [ ] Daan Sneep
- [ ] Merel SteenBergen
- [ ] Ceren UÄŸurlu
- [ ] Mika Wauben
- [ ] Sem van der Hoeven

## Points of action

 - First of all, discuss problems we have faced and if somebody is halted because of a problem
    - if so, try to work out the problem

### pre/during meeting
 - Discuss what we did last week (see scrumboard)
    - Does anyone have blocking issues?
 
 - Gitlab
    - Does everyone use the board?
    - CI
        - How does it work
        - Are we going to use it?

 - Demo 1
    - Is everything completed?
 - Demo 2
    - GUI/JavaFX
        - Everything clear?
    - Server/client
        - Does everything work for everyone?
    - Database
        - Does everyone understand it?

 - Libraries and API we've come across
    - Maven
    - Gradle (used)
    - JavaFX (used)
    - Jersey
    - Tomcat
    - Spring (used)
 - Has everyone installed all used programs?

  - Branches
    - Do not use the Master branch anymore

### post meeting


## Any other business
> If anybody has something that should be discussed but came up with that after the agenda was finalized, he/she should bring that up now so that it can be discussed after all.

## Question round
- Questions for the TA
    - questions that were already present
    - questions that rose during the meeting

## Closing
> Let's focus on demo 2!
