doc/meetings/20190225_agenda.md, before:

# Meeting 2

## Opening
> Check if everyone is present:
- [ ] Nivard Jansen
- [ ] Kristin Peneva
- [ ] Daan Sneep
- [ ] Merel SteenBergen
- [ ] Ceren Uğurlu
- [ ] Mika Wauben
- [ ] Sem van der Hoeven

## Points of action

 - First of all, discuss problems we have faced and if somebody is halted because of a problem
    - if so, try to work out the problem

### pre/during meeting
 - Discuss what we learned this week
    - what did we find online?
    - what did we get to know from tutorials we followed?
    - are there still things unclear?
 - Gitlab
    - Issues: everyone should know how they work and how to work with them
    - board: use it as a scrum board
 - Demo 1
    - Make sure client is working
    - Make sure server is working
    - Make sure client and server can connect
       - client can send requests
       - server can send respones
 - Everyone needs to know about the libraries and API we've come across and are going to use
    - Maven
    - JavaFX
    - Jersey
    - Tomcat
 - Everyone also should install everything if they haven't done so yet
    - [Maven install tutorial](https://docs.wso2.com/display/IS323/Installing+Apache+Maven+on+Windows)
    - [Tomcat install tutorial](http://openl-tablets.org/files/openl-tablets/5.13.0/OpenL%20Tablets%20-%20Installation%20Guide/SMPUserInstallingApacheTomcatOnWindows.html)

### post meeting
 - Focus on demo 2
    - Get started with the GUI
    - Get started on configuring the server
    - Brushing up on JSON and implementing it in the client-server communication


## Any other business
> If anybody has something that should be discussed but came up with that after the agenda was finalized, he/she should bring that up now so that it can be discussed after all.

## Question round
- Questions for the TA
    - questions that were already present
    - questions that rose during the meeting

## Closing
> Demo 1 is done, good job guys!
> Let's focus on demo 2!

Commit message:

Updated the agenda for meeting 25-02

doc/meetings/20190225_agenda.md, after:

# Meeting 2

## Opening
> Check if everyone is present:
- [ ] Nivard Jansen
- [ ] Kristin Peneva
- [ ] Daan Sneep
- [ ] Merel SteenBergen
- [ ] Ceren Uğurlu
- [ ] Mika Wauben
- [ ] Sem van der Hoeven

## Points of action

 - First of all, discuss problems we have faced and if somebody is halted because of a problem
    - if so, try to work out the problem

### pre/during meeting
 - Discuss what we learned this week
    - what did we find online?
    - what did we get to know from tutorials we followed?
    - are there still things unclear?
 - Gitlab
    - Issues: everyone should know how they work and how to work with them
    - board: use it as a scrum board
 - Demo 1
    - Make sure client is working
    - Make sure server is working
    - Make sure client and server can connect
       - client can send requests
       - server can send respones
 - Everyone needs to know about the libraries and API we've come across and are going to use
    - Maven
    - JavaFX
    - Jersey
    - Tomcat
    - Spring
 - Everyone also should install everything if they haven't done so yet
    - [Maven install tutorial](https://docs.wso2.com/display/IS323/Installing+Apache+Maven+on+Windows) (optional to install on computer, the template already has maven libraries/dependencies)
    - [Tomcat install tutorial](http://openl-tablets.org/files/openl-tablets/5.13.0/OpenL%20Tablets%20-%20Installation%20Guide/SMPUserInstallingApacheTomcatOnWindows.html)
    - [Jersey](https://jersey.github.io/)


### post meeting
 - Focus on demo 2
    - Get started with the GUI
      - learn about JavaFX
      - practice with JavaFX
      - get started with making the program
         - use the classes and schema we discussed in the previous meeting
    - Get started on configuring the server
      - JSON
      - read into the database part and try to set one up
    - Brushing up on JSON and implementing it in the client-server communication


## Any other business
> If anybody has something that should be discussed but came up with that after the agenda was finalized, he/she should bring that up now so that it can be discussed after all.

## Question round
- Questions for the TA
    - questions that were already present
    - questions that rose during the meeting

## Closing
> Demo 1 is done, good job guys!
> Let's focus on demo 2!
