- ~~Nivard Jansen~~
- ~~Kristin Peneva~~
- [ ] Daan Sneep
- [ ] Merel SteenBergen
- [ ] Ceren UÄŸurlu
- [ ] Mika Wauben
- [ ] Sem van der Hoeven

## Points of action

 - First of all, discuss problems we have faced and if somebody is halted because of a problem
    - if so, try to work out the problem

### pre/during meeting
 - Discuss what we did last week (see scrumboard)
    - Does anyone have blocking issues?
 
 - Gitlab    
 - CI
 -Got branches and merge right
 -Also cleaned the repo
 -Gradle file fixed?   
 -Do we finally have a name for our application?   
 -Next week is all about the vegetarian meal feature. We now did all the preparations and can work on the activity
 -Kristin in README

### post meeting
To be done.
