# Meeting 3

## Opening
> Check if everyone is present:
- ~~Nivard Jansen~~
- ~~Kristin Peneva~~
- [ ] Daan Sneep
- [ ] Merel SteenBergen
- [ ] Ceren Uğurlu
- [ ] Mika Wauben
- [ ] Sem van der Hoeven

## Points of action

 - First of all, discuss problems we have faced and if somebody is halted because of a problem
    - if so, try to work out the problem

### pre/during meeting
 - Discuss what we did last week (see scrumboard)
    - Does anyone have blocking issues?
 
 - Gitlab    - CI
        -Got branches and merge right        -Also cleaned the repo        -Gradle file fixed?        -Do we finally have a name for our application?        -Next week is all about the vegetarian meal feature. We now did all the preparations and can work on the activity### post meeting
Change


## Any other business
> If anybody has something that should be discussed but came up with that after the agenda was finalized, he/she should bring that up now so that it can be discussed after all.

## Question round
- Questions for the TA
    - questions that were already present
    - questions that rose during the meeting

## Closing
> Let's focus on the vegetarian meal option --> No more distractions!!
