doc/Project Details/score schema/score.md, before:

Score schema + register ideas
## How to use the application:
### Register
+ Username
+ Password
+ (Avatar)
+ Country
+ How often do you eat meat/vega (once/twice/trice/etc. a week)?
+ How often do you buy local products (once/twice/trice/etc. a week)?
+ How often do you use your car (once/twice/trice/etc. a week)?
+ How often do you use public transport (once/twice/trice/etc. a week) and what kind?
> Metro |
> Bus |
> Tram |
> Train
+ What kind of car do you have:
> Mileage |
> Sort vehicle |
> Year |
> Brand
+ Average temperature of your home each season
> Summer |
> Autumn |
> Winter |
> Spring
+ What kind of energy source do you have?
### Login
+ Username
+ Password
### Add activities
+ Eating a vegetarian meal
+ Buying local produce
> What did you buy? |
> (What season is it? Calendar)
+ Using bike instead of car
> How far did you go?
+ Using public transport instead of car
> How far did you go?
+ Lowering the temperature of you home
> On what temperature did you put it?|
> For how long?
+ Hours/days/months/forever
+ Installing solar panels
### Change basics
+ Username
+ Password
+ (Avatar)
+ Country
+ New car?
+ New energy source (except solar panels)?
### Different tips for different data
+ Meat every day:
> Vega options |
> Fish better than meat? |
> How much you save
+ Travel by car every day:
> How much you save |
> Bike yeey |
> Public transport advantages:
> Uhh new people;
> Polar bears will be very happy;
> Cheaper?
+ Temperature too high (depends on the season)
> Sweaters! |
> 0.5 degree is a lot in a year -> how much you save |
> Isolation?
+ No Solar panels:
> Grants |
> Investment in the future |
> Other things 
+ Everything perfect?
> Happy animals



•	The average passenger vehicle emits about 404 grams of CO2 per mile (+- 250 g/km)
https://www.epa.gov/greenvehicles/greenhouse-gas-emissions-typical-passenger-vehicle

The study of British people’s diets was conducted by University of Oxford scientists and found that meat-rich diets - defined as more than 100g per day - resulted in 7.2kg of carbon dioxide emissions. In contrast, both vegetarian and fish-eating diets caused about 3.8kg of CO2 per day, while vegan diets produced only 2.9kg. The research analysed the food eaten by 30,000 meat eaters, 16,000 vegetarians, 8,000 fish eaters and 2,000 vegans.
https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2014/jul/21/giving-up-beef-reduce-carbon-footprint-more-than-cars

Rank	Food	CO2 Kilos Equivalent
1	Lamb	39.2
2	Beef	27.0
3	Cheese	13.5
4	Pork	12.1
5	Turkey	10.9
6	Chicken	6.9
7	Tuna	6.1
8	Eggs	4.8

http://www.greeneatz.com/foods-carbon-footprint.html
 
Maybe some nice hints/tips:
The carbon footprint of a vegetarian diet is about half that of a meat-lover’s diet. (nice tip?)
Over 3.5 million people get sick from eating ‘dirty’ meat every year in the US.
Vegetarians live longer than meat-eaters. Vegetarians are slimmer than meat-eaters. Vegetarians have a lower risk of getting heart disease, high blood pressure, diabetes and cancer.
Green Fact: 70% of the deforestation of the Amazon is to provide land for cattle ranches.
Did you know that a gas oven only uses 6% of its energy to cook? And an electric oven is not much better at 12%. If you use the oven on a warm day, you will also heat up the room and need to turn on a fan or air-conditioning. In fact, the most efficient cooking method is simmering on the stove-top.
•	eat more raw foods that do not need cooking
•	use the stove-top whenever possible
•	next best is the microwave as it uses 50% less energy than an oven
•	use the oven sparingly and smartly…reduce preheating, cook multiple foods, turn off early
•	use electric kettles to boil water for cooking or drinking.

http://www.greeneatz.com/foods-carbon-footprint.html

https://www.energuide.be/en/questions-answers/how-much-co2-does-my-home-emit/68/
The amount of CO2 emissions resulting from such uses varies according to the quantity of energy you consume and the type of fuel used:
•	natural gas: 0.198 kg of CO2 per kWh
•	electricity: 0.23 kg of CO2 per kWh (this rate varies between countries and over time because it is calculated on the basis of the composition of the production portfolio)
•	heating oil: 0.264 kg of CO2 per kWh

https://ec.europa.eu/clima/sites/campaign/pdf/table_appliances_en.pdf
VERY GOOD! 
https://www.ovoenergy.com/guides/energy-guides/how-much-heating-energy-do-you-use.html

Commit message:

Add score for vegetarian meal.md

doc/Project Details/score schema/score.md, after:

Score schema + register ideas
## How to use the application:
### Register
+ Username
+ Password
+ (Avatar)
+ Country
+ How often do you eat meat/vega (once/twice/trice/etc. a week)?
+ How often do you buy local products (once/twice/trice/etc. a week)?
+ How often do you use your car (once/twice/trice/etc. a week)?
+ How often do you use public transport (once/twice/trice/etc. a week) and what kind?
> Metro |
> Bus |
> Tram |
> Train
+ What kind of car do you have:
> Mileage |
> Sort vehicle |
> Year |
> Brand
+ Average temperature of your home each season
> Summer |
> Autumn |
> Winter |
> Spring
+ What kind of energy source do you have?
### Login
+ Username
+ Password
### Add activities
+ Eating a vegetarian meal
+ -Since different types of meat have different emission rates, I've calculated an average. On peace of meat (100 gram) costs about 150 grams of CO2. That means you save about 225 grams of CO2 by eating a vegetarian meal. (Based on an average of 150 gr meat and 150 gr CO2 per 100 gr meat.)
+ Buying local produce
> What did you buy? |
> (What season is it? Calendar)
+ Using bike instead of car
> How far did you go?
+ Using public transport instead of car
> How far did you go?
+ Lowering the temperature of you home
> On what temperature did you put it?|
> For how long?
+ Hours/days/months/forever
+ Installing solar panels
### Change basics
+ Username
+ Password
+ (Avatar)
+ Country
+ New car?
+ New energy source (except solar panels)?
### Different tips for different data
+ Meat every day:
> Vega options |
> Fish better than meat? |
> How much you save
+ Travel by car every day:
> How much you save |
> Bike yeey |
> Public transport advantages:
> Uhh new people;
> Polar bears will be very happy;
> Cheaper?
+ Temperature too high (depends on the season)
> Sweaters! |
> 0.5 degree is a lot in a year -> how much you save |
> Isolation?
+ No Solar panels:
> Grants |
> Investment in the future |
> Other things 
+ Everything perfect?
> Happy animals



•	The average passenger vehicle emits about 404 grams of CO2 per mile (+- 250 g/km)
https://www.epa.gov/greenvehicles/greenhouse-gas-emissions-typical-passenger-vehicle

The study of British people’s diets was conducted by University of Oxford scientists and found that meat-rich diets - defined as more than 100g per day - resulted in 7.2kg of carbon dioxide emissions. In contrast, both vegetarian and fish-eating diets caused about 3.8kg of CO2 per day, while vegan diets produced only 2.9kg. The research analysed the food eaten by 30,000 meat eaters, 16,000 vegetarians, 8,000 fish eaters and 2,000 vegans.
https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2014/jul/21/giving-up-beef-reduce-carbon-footprint-more-than-cars

Rank	Food	CO2 Kilos Equivalent
1	Lamb	39.2
2	Beef	27.0
3	Cheese	13.5
4	Pork	12.1
5	Turkey	10.9
6	Chicken	6.9
7	Tuna	6.1
8	Eggs	4.8

http://www.greeneatz.com/foods-carbon-footprint.html
 
Maybe some nice hints/tips:
The carbon footprint of a vegetarian diet is about half that of a meat-lover’s diet. (nice tip?)
Over 3.5 million people get sick from eating ‘dirty’ meat every year in the US.
Vegetarians live longer than meat-eaters. Vegetarians are slimmer than meat-eaters. Vegetarians have a lower risk of getting heart disease, high blood pressure, diabetes and cancer.
Green Fact: 70% of the deforestation of the Amazon is to provide land for cattle ranches.
Did you know that a gas oven only uses 6% of its energy to cook? And an electric oven is not much better at 12%. If you use the oven on a warm day, you will also heat up the room and need to turn on a fan or air-conditioning. In fact, the most efficient cooking method is simmering on the stove-top.
•	eat more raw foods that do not need cooking
•	use the stove-top whenever possible
•	next best is the microwave as it uses 50% less energy than an oven
•	use the oven sparingly and smartly…reduce preheating, cook multiple foods, turn off early
•	use electric kettles to boil water for cooking or drinking.

http://www.greeneatz.com/foods-carbon-footprint.html

https://www.energuide.be/en/questions-answers/how-much-co2-does-my-home-emit/68/
The amount of CO2 emissions resulting from such uses varies according to the quantity of energy you consume and the type of fuel used:
•	natural gas: 0.198 kg of CO2 per kWh
•	electricity: 0.23 kg of CO2 per kWh (this rate varies between countries and over time because it is calculated on the basis of the composition of the production portfolio)
•	heating oil: 0.264 kg of CO2 per kWh

https://ec.europa.eu/clima/sites/campaign/pdf/table_appliances_en.pdf
VERY GOOD! 
https://www.ovoenergy.com/guides/energy-guides/how-much-heating-energy-do-you-use.html
