# Meeting 6

## Opening
> Check if everyone is present:
- ~~Nivard Jansen~~
- ~~Kristin Peneva~~
- [ ] Daan Sneep
- [ ] Merel SteenBergen
- [ ] Ceren Ugurlu
- [ ] Mika Wauben
- [ ] Sem van der Hoeven

- Chair: Sem van der Hoeven
- Secretary: Merel Steenbergen

## Points of action

 - First of all, discuss problems we have faced and if somebody is halted because of a problem
    - if so, try to work out the problem
    
### pre/during meeting
 - Discuss what we did last week (see scrumboard)
 - Does anyone have blocking issues?
 - Gitlab    
 - CI
 - Coverage reports
 - Checkstyle reports
 - Make sure that demo 3 is ready and all requirements is provided
 - Demo 3 (4 of the 6 minimal features are implemented)
    - the full workflow of 'tracking the co2 you have saved and comparing it to your friends' is implemented
        - user has an overview of the co2 they have saved
        - user has an overview of the co2 their friends have saved

### post meeting
 - Focus on demo 3
    - Complete the GUI
    - Add all features
    - Complete friends features
    - Create/finish the calculator

## Any other business
> If anybody has something that should be discussed but came up with that after the agenda was finalized, he/she should bring that up now so that it can be discussed after all.

## Question round
- Questions for the TA
    - questions that were already present
    - questions that rose during the meeting

## Closing
> Let's focus on demo 3!
