# Meeting 7

## Opening
> Check if everyone is present:
- ~~Nivard Jansen~~
- ~~Kristin Peneva~~
- ~~Daan Sneep~~
- [x] Merel SteenBergen
- [x] Ceren Ugurlu
- [x] Mika Wauben
- [x] Sem van der Hoeven

- Chair: Mika Wauben
- Secretary: Ceren Ugurlu

## Points of action

 - First of all, discuss problems we have faced and if somebody is halted because of a problem
    - if so, try to work out the problem
    
### pre/during meeting
 - Discuss what we did last week (see scrumboard)
 - Does anyone have blocking issues?
 - Gitlab    
 - CI
 - Coverage reports
 - Checkstyle reports
 - Show demo 3 to the TA
 - Discuss about the presentation
 - Discuss about final things that need to be done

### post meeting
 - Focus on the presentation
 - Focus on the final report
 - Focus on things we get points for according to the rubric

## Any other business
> If anybody has something that should be discussed but came up with that after the agenda was finalized, he/she should bring that up now so that it can be discussed after all.

## Question round
- Questions for the TA
    - questions that were already present
		- Ask about custom CI (do we have it already?)
    - questions that rose during the meeting

## Closing
> We're almost finished!
